{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author sales2}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11900\viewh13300\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Login
\b0 :-User can signup in using email, Signup via Facebook and email login.\
\

\b Homepage
\b0 :-\
\
There will be three tabs on homepage .On homepage map will show where pins will appear which will point added courts on the map.When user will tap on any particular pin than user will be redirected to screen where court name and location will appear.\
\
There will be 2 tabs on under status bar.Court name and Whoos hooping.On top right corner there is option of adding checkin.\
\

\b Court name
\b0 :-The court name and location will appear on this page and user time to hoop will appear there.\
\

\b Who\'92s hoopin
\b0 :-On this page there will be list of user who will be available there or joining later there for game.\
\
Qus? :- How we will get that if user is available right now there or not?\

\b Answer
\b0 - User will have to check in, if they check in now they are already at the court, if they choose a later time then the app should be able to geo tag when they get to that court and check them in. \
\
We will send notification to do check-in.\
\
Qus? :-  Design for this is fine or not? Should we open detail for any specific check-in. If yes then please explain me about that.\

\b Answer-  I 
\b0 don\'92t understand the question.\
\
\

\b Checkin
\b0 :-User can add checkin and invite friends from here.\
To whom can user invite users on the app or contacts from phone?\

\b Answer- 
\b0 contacts from phones\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Just send message for timings with link to the app.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 *Courts
\b0 :-The nearby basketball courts will appear here on map view or courts added by the users will appear here.\
\

\b *Add courts
\b0 :-By tapping on this tab user can add his own courts.On add court there will be these following fields name, location, time to play, combo box1 and combo box2.\
\
Qus? :- What are these combo boxes?\

\b Answer-  first box is going to be a yes or no question if the courts has lights?\
           Second box will be Fee to get in? with a box to type in to add a price
\b0 \
\
Qus? :- Any other fields needed for this?\

\b Answer-  no
\b0 \

\b *Profile
\b0 :-On profile page the user image and his points and city will be shown.\
\
Qus? :- How will you get points? Please explain process.\

\b Answer-  
\b0  Points will be given to a player everytime they check in to a court and everytime they add a court. 10 points for checking in and 20 points for adding a  court.\
\
Qus? :- Should we add name and bio option on profile screen?\
\

\b Answer-  Yes we should add name to the otion but bio not important. 
\b0 \
\
I will remove Exposed videos option from here. As it will come in our next version.\
\

\b We are also missing the page where people sign up for their account when they have to actually make a profile. \
\
\
Edit profile, change password, Log out.}